[DCP218827] AddedDocsForGetDifferences_DOM (#2576)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: user-guide/Advanced_Modules/DOM/DOM_ModuleSettings/ExecuteScriptOnDomInstanceActionSettings.md

On these `FieldValueDifferences`, you can apply different methods to further filter the results:

| Method                                       | Type                         | Description                                                                                          |
|----------------------------------------------|------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| OfType(\<CrudType\>)                         | FieldValueDifferences        | Returns the differences with a certain `CrudType` (Create, Update or Delete).                        |
| OfFieldDescriptor(\<FieldDescriptorID\>)     | FieldValueDifferences        | Returns the differences on a certain `FieldDescriptor`.                                              |
| OfSectionDefinition(\<SectionDefinitionID\>) | FieldValueDifferences        | Returns the differences within a certain `SectionDefinition`.                                        |
| Get()                                        | List\<FieldValueDifference\> | Returns the differences as a list of `FieldValueDifference` objects, considering the filter methods. |

> These methods can be chained to create specific conditions to get your desired differences. In most situations the `Get()` method should be applied in the end, to get a list of `FieldValueDifference` and use the containing properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These methods can be chained to create specific conditions to get your desired differences. In most situations, the `Get()` method should be applied at the end, to get a list of `FieldValueDifference` objects and use the properties it contains.
```
